Week 1

We formed/created the group and selected the Scrum Master (Mani). Mani created
the Jira site and together we decided on Project 5 Car Space Rental. We
discussed our preferred languages and libraries and decided on a Python backend
and React/JavaScript frontend. We also discussed initial ideas for novel
functionalities (including a map). We decided on a weekly date to meet up and
created the document for the project proposal.

Week 2

We assigned work for the proposal together. I created all the issues in Jira
and organised them into specific epics for each of our functionalities. I also
created the system architecture diagram and wrote short descriptions for each
section as well as the external actors for the proposal.

Week 3

We finished off writing the proposal and Anthony and I started scaffolding the
backend. I did some research into how MongoDB worked with Python and set up an
Atlas cluster for our project development. I also did some research into how
Flask Blueprints work so that our file structure can be more modular

Week 4

We worked on completing sprint 1. I completed the routes, database access and
testing for registering, updating and deleting car spaces as well as user
management routes and general GET routes. I also added tokening and wrote up
the documentation for our api and database in a markdown file as we decided
swagger was unnecessary for our project.

Week 5

Worked on making sure enough issues were completed for the demo. Performed the
demo and completed the retropsective and discussed how we were going to spread
out work for sprint 2.

Week 6

Discussed where we are at with finishing sprint 1, set deadlines for finishing
leftover issues. Worked on documentation and discussed how booking should work
for recurring bookings

Week 7

Worked on implementing admin users, added testing, implementation and
documentation for registering an admin user and admin bypass for updating and
deleting any bookings or listings

Week 8

Worked on About page for the frontend, fixed css for the sidebar on the faq,
register and login pages. Fixed last minute bug with bookings call on frontend
and backend so that it'd work for the demo.

Week 9

Implemented analytics functionality in the backend as well as the rating and
reviews routes and testing. Made small changes to listing creation to better
suit frontend.

Week 10

Worked on slides for the final demo, system architecture information for the
report and doing a final cleanup of the documentation and code in the backend.
